README.md, before:

# SBS Logger

[![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-1.24.5+-blue.svg)](https://golang.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/saviobatista/sbs-logger/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/saviobatista/sbs-logger)
[![Security Scan](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/workflows/CI%2FCD%20Pipeline/badge.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Docker Build](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Build%20Passing-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Trivy Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trivy-Security%20Scan-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Go Modules](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20Modules-Go%201.24.5+-blue.svg)](go.mod)
[![Dependabot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dependabot-Enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/security/dependabot)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/saviobatista/sbs-logger)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/saviobatista/sbs-logger)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/pulls)

A high-performance, distributed Go application for capturing, processing, and storing SBS (BaseStation) messages from ADS-B receivers. The system provides real-time aircraft tracking, flight session management, and comprehensive data persistence with TimescaleDB.

## 🚀 Features

- **Real-time SBS Message Ingestion**: Connects to multiple ADS-B receivers simultaneously
- **Distributed Architecture**: Microservices-based design with NATS messaging
- **Aircraft State Tracking**: Real-time position, altitude, speed, and flight data
- **Flight Session Management**: Automatic flight detection and session tracking
- **High-Performance Storage**: TimescaleDB for time-series data with automatic retention policies
- **Redis Caching**: Fast access to active aircraft states and flight data
- **Comprehensive Logging**: Daily log rotation with automatic compression
- **Statistics & Monitoring**: Real-time system metrics and performance tracking
- **Docker Support**: Complete containerized deployment with docker-compose

## 🛡️ Quality & Security

This project maintains high code quality and security standards through automated checks:

- **🔍 Code Quality**: Automated linting with golangci-lint
- **🧪 Testing**: Comprehensive unit and integration tests with race condition detection
- **📊 Code Coverage**: Continuous coverage tracking with Codecov
- **🔒 Security Scanning**: Automated vulnerability scanning with Trivy
- **🐳 Container Security**: Docker image scanning and multi-platform builds
- **📋 Go Report Card**: Code quality analysis and grading
- **🔄 CI/CD**: Automated testing, building, and deployment pipeline

## 🏗️ Architecture

The system consists of several microservices that communicate via NATS:

```
┌─────────────┐    ┌─────────────┐    ┌─────────────┐
│   Ingestor  │───▶│     NATS    │───▶│   Logger    │
│             │    │             │    │             │
└─────────────┘    └─────────────┘    └─────────────┘
                           │
                           ▼
                   ┌─────────────┐
                   │   Tracker   │
                   │             │
                   └─────────────┘
                           │
                    ┌──────┴──────┐
                    ▼             ▼
            ┌─────────────┐ ┌─────────────┐
            │ TimescaleDB │ │    Redis    │
            │             │ │             │
            └─────────────┘ └─────────────┘
```

### Components

- **Ingestor**: Connects to SBS sources and publishes messages to NATS
- **Logger**: Subscribes to messages and writes to daily log files
- **Tracker**: Processes messages, tracks aircraft states, and manages flight sessions
- **Migrate**: Database schema management and migrations
- **NATS**: Message broker for inter-service communication
- **TimescaleDB**: Time-series database for aircraft states and statistics
- **Redis**: Caching layer for active aircraft and flight data

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Go 1.24.5 or later
- Docker and Docker Compose
- PostgreSQL/TimescaleDB
- Redis
- NATS Server

## 🛠️ Installation

### Option 1: Docker Compose (Recommended)

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger.git
cd sbs-logger
```

2. Configure environment variables:
```bash
# Copy the sample environment file
cp .env.sample .env

# Edit the .env file with your configuration
nano .env
```

3. Update the key variables in `.env`:
```bash
# Your ADS-B receiver(s)
SOURCES=your-adsb-receiver:30003,another-receiver:30003

# Your receiver location (for Ultrafeeder)
ULTRAFEEDER_LAT=your_latitude
ULTRAFEEDER_LON=your_longitude
ULTRAFEEDER_ALT=your_altitude

# Database credentials (change for production)
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_secure_password
```

4. Start the services:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

### Option 2: Manual Build

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
go mod download
```

2. Build all components:
```bash
go build ./cmd/ingestor
go build ./cmd/logger
go build ./cmd/tracker
go build ./cmd/migrate
```

3. Set up the database:
```bash
# Run migrations
./migrate -db="postgres://user:pass@localhost:5432/sbs_data?sslmode=disable"
```

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Environment Setup

The project uses a `.env` file for configuration. Start by copying the sample file:

```bash
cp .env.sample .env
```

### Environment Variables

#### Ingestor
- `SOURCES`: Comma-separated list of SBS sources (e.g., `10.0.0.1:30003,10.0.0.2:30003`)
- `NATS_URL`: NATS server URL (default: `nats://nats:4222`)

#### Logger
- `OUTPUT_DIR`: Directory for log files (default: `./logs`)
- `NATS_URL`: NATS server URL (default: `nats://nats:4222`)

#### Tracker
- `NATS_URL`: NATS server URL (default: `nats://nats:4222`)
- `DB_CONN_STR`: Database connection string
- `REDIS_ADDR`: Redis server address (default: `redis:6379`)

#### Migrate
- `DB_CONN_STR`: Database connection string

### Environment Variables Organization

The `.env.sample` file is organized into sections:

- **Ultrafeeder Configuration**: ADS-B receiver settings and web interface
- **SBS Services**: Configuration for ingestor, logger, and tracker
- **Database Configuration**: TimescaleDB connection settings
- **Security**: Optional authentication and SSL settings

### Database Schema

The system uses TimescaleDB with the following main tables:

- `aircraft_states`: Time-series table for aircraft position and state data
- `flights`: Flight session information
- `system_stats`: System performance and statistics

### NATS Configuration

NATS is configured with JetStream enabled for message persistence:

```conf
port: 4222
http_port: 8222

jetstream {
    store_dir: "/data"
    max_memory_store: 1G
    max_file_store: 10G
}
```

## 📊 Data Processing

### SBS Message Types

The system processes the following SBS message types:

- **MSG,1**: Selection change
- **MSG,2**: New aircraft
- **MSG,3**: New ID
- **MSG,4**: New callsign
- **MSG,5**: New altitude
- **MSG,6**: New ground speed
- **MSG,7**: New track
- **MSG,8**: New lat/lon (position)
- **MSG,9**: New ground status

### Aircraft State Tracking

The tracker maintains real-time state for each aircraft:

- Position (latitude/longitude)
- Altitude and vertical rate
- Ground speed and track
- Callsign and squawk
- Ground status

### Flight Sessions

Flight sessions are automatically detected and tracked:

- Session start/end times
- Flight path (first/last position)
- Maximum altitude and speed
- Session statistics

## 📈 Monitoring & Statistics

The system provides comprehensive statistics:

- Message processing rates
- Aircraft and flight counts
- Processing performance metrics
- Error rates and system health

Statistics are logged every minute and persisted to the database every 5 minutes.

## 🔧 Development

### Project Structure

```
sbs-logger/
├── cmd/                    # Application entry points
│   ├── ingestor/          # SBS message ingestion
│   ├── logger/            # Log file management
│   ├── tracker/           # Aircraft state tracking
│   └── migrate/           # Database migrations
├── internal/              # Private application code
│   ├── capture/           # Network capture logic
│   ├── config/            # Configuration management
│   ├── db/                # Database operations
│   ├── nats/              # NATS client
│   ├── parser/            # SBS message parsing
│   ├── redis/             # Redis client
│   ├── stats/             # Statistics tracking
│   ├── storage/           # Storage abstractions
│   └── types/             # Data structures
├── config/                # Configuration files
│   └── nats/              # NATS server configuration
├── logs/                  # Log file output
└── docker-compose.yml     # Container orchestration
```

### Running Tests

```bash
go test ./...
```

### Building for Production

```bash
# Build all components
make build

# Build individual components
make build-ingestor
make build-logger
make build-tracker
```

### Docker Hub Publishing

The project includes automated Docker Hub publishing. To set up:

1. **Setup Docker Hub publishing**:
```bash
make dockerhub-setup
```

2. **Test Docker builds locally**:
```bash
make dockerhub-test
```

3. **Manual push to Docker Hub**:
```bash
make dockerhub-push DOCKERHUB_USERNAME=youruser DOCKERHUB_TOKEN=yourtoken VERSION=v1.0.0
```

4. **Automated publishing**: Create a GitHub release to trigger automatic publishing

For detailed setup instructions, see [Docker Hub Setup Guide](docs/dockerhub-setup.md).

## 🚀 Deployment

### Docker Images

The project provides pre-built Docker images on multiple registries:

#### GitHub Container Registry (GHCR)
```bash
# Pull images from GHCR
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-ingestor:latest
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-logger:latest
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-tracker:latest
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-migrate:latest
```

#### Docker Hub
```bash
# Pull images from Docker Hub
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-ingestor:latest
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-logger:latest
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-tracker:latest
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-migrate:latest
```

### Production Considerations

1. **Scaling**: Run multiple ingestor instances for high availability
2. **Storage**: Configure appropriate retention policies for TimescaleDB
3. **Monitoring**: Set up monitoring for NATS, Redis, and TimescaleDB
4. **Backup**: Implement regular database backups
5. **Security**: Use TLS for NATS and database connections

### Docker Deployment

```bash
# Production deployment
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d

# Scale services
docker-compose up -d --scale ingestor=3
```

### Using Pre-built Images

Update your `docker-compose.yml` to use pre-built images:

```yaml
services:
  ingestor:
    image: saviobatista/sbs-ingestor:latest
    # or: image: ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-ingestor:latest
    environment:
      - SOURCES=your-adsb-receiver:30003
      - NATS_URL=nats://nats:4222
    depends_on:
      - nats

  logger:
    image: saviobatista/sbs-logger:latest
    environment:
      - OUTPUT_DIR=/app/logs
      - NATS_URL=nats://nats:4222
    volumes:
      - ./logs:/app/logs
    depends_on:
      - nats
```

## 📝 Logging

Logs are written to daily files with automatic rotation:

- Format: `sbs_YYYY-MM-DD.log`
- Compression: Previous day's logs are automatically compressed
- Location: `./logs/` directory (configurable)

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests if applicable
5. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

## 🆘 Support

For issues and questions:

1. Check the documentation
2. Search existing issues
3. Create a new issue with detailed information

## 🔗 Related Projects

- [ADS-B Exchange](https://www.adsbexchange.com/)
- [FlightAware](https://flightaware.com/)
- [OpenSky Network](https://opensky-network.org/)

Commit message:

feat: Embed database migrations in tracker service and remove migrate container (#20)
* refactor: Remove migrate service and Dockerfile, integrate migrations into tracker service

- Deleted the migrate service from docker-compose.yml and removed Dockerfile.migrate.
- Updated Makefile to reflect the removal of the migrate target, as database migrations are now handled automatically by the tracker service.
- Revised README.md to clarify that migrations will run automatically when the tracker service starts.

* refactor: Remove migrate service and related files, update CI workflows and README

- Deleted the migrate service and its associated files, including main.go and main_test.go.
- Updated CI workflows to remove references to the migrate service.
- Revised README.md to reflect the removal of the migrate service and clarify migration handling by the tracker service.
- Adjusted build-test.sh to exclude the migrate service from the build process.

README.md, after:

# SBS Logger

[![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-1.24.5+-blue.svg)](https://golang.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/saviobatista/sbs-logger/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/saviobatista/sbs-logger)
[![Security Scan](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/workflows/CI%2FCD%20Pipeline/badge.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Docker Build](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Build%20Passing-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Trivy Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trivy-Security%20Scan-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Go Modules](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20Modules-Go%201.24.5+-blue.svg)](go.mod)
[![Dependabot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dependabot-Enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/security/dependabot)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/saviobatista/sbs-logger)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/saviobatista/sbs-logger)](https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger/pulls)

A high-performance, distributed Go application for capturing, processing, and storing SBS (BaseStation) messages from ADS-B receivers. The system provides real-time aircraft tracking, flight session management, and comprehensive data persistence with TimescaleDB.

## 🚀 Features

- **Real-time SBS Message Ingestion**: Connects to multiple ADS-B receivers simultaneously
- **Distributed Architecture**: Microservices-based design with NATS messaging
- **Aircraft State Tracking**: Real-time position, altitude, speed, and flight data
- **Flight Session Management**: Automatic flight detection and session tracking
- **High-Performance Storage**: TimescaleDB for time-series data with automatic retention policies
- **Redis Caching**: Fast access to active aircraft states and flight data
- **Comprehensive Logging**: Daily log rotation with automatic compression
- **Statistics & Monitoring**: Real-time system metrics and performance tracking
- **Docker Support**: Complete containerized deployment with docker-compose

## 🛡️ Quality & Security

This project maintains high code quality and security standards through automated checks:

- **🔍 Code Quality**: Automated linting with golangci-lint
- **🧪 Testing**: Comprehensive unit and integration tests with race condition detection
- **📊 Code Coverage**: Continuous coverage tracking with Codecov
- **🔒 Security Scanning**: Automated vulnerability scanning with Trivy
- **🐳 Container Security**: Docker image scanning and multi-platform builds
- **📋 Go Report Card**: Code quality analysis and grading
- **🔄 CI/CD**: Automated testing, building, and deployment pipeline

## 🏗️ Architecture

The system consists of several microservices that communicate via NATS:

```
┌─────────────┐    ┌─────────────┐    ┌─────────────┐
│   Ingestor  │───▶│     NATS    │───▶│   Logger    │
│             │    │             │    │             │
└─────────────┘    └─────────────┘    └─────────────┘
                           │
                           ▼
                   ┌─────────────┐
                   │   Tracker   │
                   │             │
                   └─────────────┘
                           │
                    ┌──────┴──────┐
                    ▼             ▼
            ┌─────────────┐ ┌─────────────┐
            │ TimescaleDB │ │    Redis    │
            │             │ │             │
            └─────────────┘ └─────────────┘
```

### Components

- **Ingestor**: Connects to SBS sources and publishes messages to NATS
- **Logger**: Subscribes to messages and writes to daily log files
- **Tracker**: Processes messages, tracks aircraft states, manages flight sessions, and handles database migrations
- **NATS**: Message broker for inter-service communication
- **TimescaleDB**: Time-series database for aircraft states and statistics
- **Redis**: Caching layer for active aircraft and flight data

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Go 1.24.5 or later
- Docker and Docker Compose
- PostgreSQL/TimescaleDB
- Redis
- NATS Server

## 🛠️ Installation

### Option 1: Docker Compose (Recommended)

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/saviobatista/sbs-logger.git
cd sbs-logger
```

2. Configure environment variables:
```bash
# Copy the sample environment file
cp .env.sample .env

# Edit the .env file with your configuration
nano .env
```

3. Update the key variables in `.env`:
```bash
# Your ADS-B receiver(s)
SOURCES=your-adsb-receiver:30003,another-receiver:30003

# Your receiver location (for Ultrafeeder)
ULTRAFEEDER_LAT=your_latitude
ULTRAFEEDER_LON=your_longitude
ULTRAFEEDER_ALT=your_altitude

# Database credentials (change for production)
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_secure_password
```

4. Start the services:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

### Option 2: Manual Build

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
go mod download
```

2. Build all components:
```bash
go build ./cmd/ingestor
go build ./cmd/logger
go build ./cmd/tracker
```

3. Start the services:
```bash
# Migrations will run automatically when the tracker service starts
./tracker
```

The tracker service will automatically run database migrations on startup.

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Environment Setup

The project uses a `.env` file for configuration. Start by copying the sample file:

```bash
cp .env.sample .env
```

### Environment Variables

#### Ingestor
- `SOURCES`: Comma-separated list of SBS sources (e.g., `10.0.0.1:30003,10.0.0.2:30003`)
- `NATS_URL`: NATS server URL (default: `nats://nats:4222`)

#### Logger
- `OUTPUT_DIR`: Directory for log files (default: `./logs`)
- `NATS_URL`: NATS server URL (default: `nats://nats:4222`)

#### Tracker
- `NATS_URL`: NATS server URL (default: `nats://nats:4222`)
- `DB_CONN_STR`: Database connection string
- `REDIS_ADDR`: Redis server address (default: `redis:6379`)

### Environment Variables Organization

The `.env.sample` file is organized into sections:

- **Ultrafeeder Configuration**: ADS-B receiver settings and web interface
- **SBS Services**: Configuration for ingestor, logger, and tracker
- **Database Configuration**: TimescaleDB connection settings
- **Security**: Optional authentication and SSL settings

### Database Schema

The system uses TimescaleDB with the following main tables:

- `aircraft_states`: Time-series table for aircraft position and state data
- `flights`: Flight session information
- `system_stats`: System performance and statistics

### NATS Configuration

NATS is configured with JetStream enabled for message persistence:

```conf
port: 4222
http_port: 8222

jetstream {
    store_dir: "/data"
    max_memory_store: 1G
    max_file_store: 10G
}
```

## 📊 Data Processing

### SBS Message Types

The system processes the following SBS message types:

- **MSG,1**: Selection change
- **MSG,2**: New aircraft
- **MSG,3**: New ID
- **MSG,4**: New callsign
- **MSG,5**: New altitude
- **MSG,6**: New ground speed
- **MSG,7**: New track
- **MSG,8**: New lat/lon (position)
- **MSG,9**: New ground status

### Aircraft State Tracking

The tracker maintains real-time state for each aircraft:

- Position (latitude/longitude)
- Altitude and vertical rate
- Ground speed and track
- Callsign and squawk
- Ground status

### Flight Sessions

Flight sessions are automatically detected and tracked:

- Session start/end times
- Flight path (first/last position)
- Maximum altitude and speed
- Session statistics

## 📈 Monitoring & Statistics

The system provides comprehensive statistics:

- Message processing rates
- Aircraft and flight counts
- Processing performance metrics
- Error rates and system health

Statistics are logged every minute and persisted to the database every 5 minutes.

## 🔧 Development

### Project Structure

```
sbs-logger/
├── cmd/                    # Application entry points
│   ├── ingestor/          # SBS message ingestion
│   ├── logger/            # Log file management
│   └── tracker/           # Aircraft state tracking
├── internal/              # Private application code
│   ├── capture/           # Network capture logic
│   ├── config/            # Configuration management
│   ├── db/                # Database operations
│   ├── nats/              # NATS client
│   ├── parser/            # SBS message parsing
│   ├── redis/             # Redis client
│   ├── stats/             # Statistics tracking
│   ├── storage/           # Storage abstractions
│   └── types/             # Data structures
├── config/                # Configuration files
│   └── nats/              # NATS server configuration
├── logs/                  # Log file output
└── docker-compose.yml     # Container orchestration
```

### Running Tests

```bash
go test ./...
```

### Building for Production

```bash
# Build all components
make build

# Build individual components
make build-ingestor
make build-logger
make build-tracker
```

### Docker Hub Publishing

The project includes automated Docker Hub publishing. To set up:

1. **Setup Docker Hub publishing**:
```bash
make dockerhub-setup
```

2. **Test Docker builds locally**:
```bash
make dockerhub-test
```

3. **Manual push to Docker Hub**:
```bash
make dockerhub-push DOCKERHUB_USERNAME=youruser DOCKERHUB_TOKEN=yourtoken VERSION=v1.0.0
```

4. **Automated publishing**: Create a GitHub release to trigger automatic publishing

For detailed setup instructions, see [Docker Hub Setup Guide](docs/dockerhub-setup.md).

## 🚀 Deployment

### Docker Images

The project provides pre-built Docker images on multiple registries:

#### GitHub Container Registry (GHCR)
```bash
# Pull images from GHCR
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-ingestor:latest
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-logger:latest
docker pull ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-tracker:latest
```

#### Docker Hub
```bash
# Pull images from Docker Hub
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-ingestor:latest
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-logger:latest
docker pull saviobatista/sbs-tracker:latest
```

### Production Considerations

1. **Scaling**: Run multiple ingestor instances for high availability
2. **Storage**: Configure appropriate retention policies for TimescaleDB
3. **Monitoring**: Set up monitoring for NATS, Redis, and TimescaleDB
4. **Backup**: Implement regular database backups
5. **Security**: Use TLS for NATS and database connections

### Docker Deployment

```bash
# Production deployment
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d

# Scale services
docker-compose up -d --scale ingestor=3
```

### Using Pre-built Images

Update your `docker-compose.yml` to use pre-built images:

```yaml
services:
  ingestor:
    image: saviobatista/sbs-ingestor:latest
    # or: image: ghcr.io/saviobatista/sbs-logger/sbs-ingestor:latest
    environment:
      - SOURCES=your-adsb-receiver:30003
      - NATS_URL=nats://nats:4222
    depends_on:
      - nats

  logger:
    image: saviobatista/sbs-logger:latest
    environment:
      - OUTPUT_DIR=/app/logs
      - NATS_URL=nats://nats:4222
    volumes:
      - ./logs:/app/logs
    depends_on:
      - nats
```

## 📝 Logging

Logs are written to daily files with automatic rotation:

- Format: `sbs_YYYY-MM-DD.log`
- Compression: Previous day's logs are automatically compressed
- Location: `./logs/` directory (configurable)

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests if applicable
5. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

## 🆘 Support

For issues and questions:

1. Check the documentation
2. Search existing issues
3. Create a new issue with detailed information

## 🔗 Related Projects

- [ADS-B Exchange](https://www.adsbexchange.com/)
- [FlightAware](https://flightaware.com/)
- [OpenSky Network](https://opensky-network.org/)
